c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\bin\Debug\Sistema.exe.config
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\bin\Debug\Sistema.exe
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\bin\Debug\Sistema.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.Form1.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.exe
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.pdb
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.AreaPedagogica.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.Tesouraria.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.TelaPrincipal.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frmIncricao.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_PagPropinas.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_Documentos.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_AP_Classes.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_AP_Disciplinas.resources
c:\users\eduardo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_AP_Notas.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_AP_Professores.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Sistema\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_Visu_Inscricao.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\bin\Debug\Sistema.exe.config
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.exe
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.pdb
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\bin\Debug\Sistema.exe
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\bin\Debug\Sistema.pdb
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\bin\Debug\MetroFramework.Fonts.dll
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.AreaPedagogica.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.Form1.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frmIncricao.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_AP_Classes.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_AP_Disciplinas.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_AP_Notas.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_AP_Professores.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_Documentos.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_PagPropinas.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.frm_Visu_Inscricao.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.TelaPrincipal.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.Tesouraria.resources
C:\Users\EDUARDO\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SistemaPro\Sistema\obj\Debug\Sistema.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
